so, when we first created the streaming pipeline and began to train 
on the enwik-9 dataset, the training on a single cpu core, seemed very slow for a dataset,
thus we used the openMP lib for its multi-threading abilities,
however to our suprise, when we first trained the enwik-9 dataset on it, the models accuracy was around 0.05%!
this was very suprising because a must smaller dataset such as text8 has achieved 16.27% accuracy,
Anyway the usual debugging suspects were the data streaming pipeline and math errors in the way the neural net was written
. After spending many days, debugging the entire data-preprocessing pipeline,
we could not find anything wrong with it or the math engine,
Then we decided to take a step back and test the text8 dataset again, but with the new pipeline.
and for this test, we removed the multi-threading lib, to our suprise, the text8 dataset performed at par, with the previous pipeline.
More over the speed at which the training happened was much faster than the previous pipeline!

Thus now the question remains, why did multi-threading fail us?
How did it fail us? and what solutions exist to patch this issue,

Okay so the problem is caused before or multiple threads updating the same vector values at the same time,
with different negative sample values 

take a word "the", initially having 0.5 as the value,  in thread A will generate a new push of +0.04
and in thread be, will generate a net pull of -.01, now ideally, its suppose to be update first by A 
and made 0.54, then updated by B and then made 0.53

thus its value must be 0.53 at the end of these two threads.
However, what likey occurs is, 
thread A,B create a race condition for themselves 
and when A makes it, 0.54, B does not know of this new state, rather ends up 
updating the 0.5 to 0.49, thus the work of A is lost.

So, here are the current bottle-necks in our maths_engine.c file, that cause there race conditions->

1. thread-private graident buffer : in the current implementation, we initialize the target_update, outside our loop 
this will cause all our threads to point to the same array, 
we need to redeclare this variable inside the loop, so every thread gets its own workspace,
and they do not overwrite each other again and again 

2. thread safe randomness: currently the, static unsigned long long next_random = 1
the static word causes this to remain in global memory and this causes all the threads to choose the same random number,
we need to update this aswell, 


3. Thread-Local Rate Decay
currently our global_pairs_processed is shared by all threads and they update it thousands of times 
this leads to an absolute mess for the learning rate decay,
thus we need to find ways to fix this issue 

proposed solutions -> 

